.TH BOTCTL 1

.SH NAME
botctl \- configure and select Bots Platform environments

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B botctl
[COMMAND] [OPTIONS]

.SH COMMANDS AVAILABLE

.B chenv:
the
.B botctl
suite lets you work with all the environment of Stello. This command activates
the environment of your choice.

.RS
$ botctl chenv local
.RE
.RS
$ botctl chenv development
.RE
.RS
$ botctl chenv staging
.RE
.RS
$ botctl chenv production
.RE

.B set:
The environment settings are stored in a configuration file located at your home
directory. This command lets you store those settings easily.

.RS
$ botctl set ${VARIABLE_NAME} ${VARIABLE_VALUE}
.RE

The most recurrent variable that needs to be set is the access token. In order
to do so, open to the front end of the environment you want to work with with
your web browser and log in. Choose the right front end URL from the list
bellow:

.RS
production   https://bots.wizeline.com
.RE
.RS
staging      https://cms-frontend-staging.bots-platform.com
.RE
.RS
development  https://cms-frontend-development.bots-platform.com
.RE
.RS
local        http://localhost:8000
.RE

Once you have the session started, open your browser's developer tools,
typically by pressing <F12> key; next to the javascript console and copy the
access token using the
.B copy()
javascript function.

.RS
> copy(localStorage.auth_jwt_id)
.RE

That function call copies the value of the access token to your clipboard, once
it's ready, go to the terminal and run the following commands:

.RS
$ botctl chenv ${ENVIRONMENT}
.RE
.RS
$ botctl set token ${THE_ACCESS_TOKEN_STORED_IN_YOUR_CLIPBOARD}
.RE

After that, you will be able to youse all the commands provided by the 
.B botctl
suite.

.B get:
Get the value of a variable.

.RS
$ botctl get integrations
.RE
.RS
http://localhost:8002
.RE

.B del:
Clears a variable.

.RS
$ botctl del api_secret
.RE

.SH VALID VARIABLES

This is the list of valid variables. You will find the correct values (except
for the token) at https://app-manager.bots-platform.com. Browse to the
environment of your choice to read the values.

.B cms:
Stores the URL to the Bot CMS back end service

.B integrations:
Stores the URL to the Bot Integrations Manager service

.B token:
Stores the access token to the Bots Platform

.B api_secret:
Stores the internal API secret. Useful to perform operations on the integrations manager. See
.BR integration (1)
command for details

.SH SEE ALSO
integration(1) lsbot(1) mkbot(1) rmbot(1) botmod(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Diego Guzmán (diego.guzman@wizeline.com)
